readme.MD, before:

# HyAPI

HyAPI is a better version of the Hypixel API. \
This API was made for getting data from the Hypixel API easier and faster.

## ‼ Quick notice!

I was messing with end-points and front-end things even tho i shouldn't in production.
Fetching data might not even be possible for a day or two.
Sorry

The endpoint has changed from

```http
	https://hyapi.tech/
```

to

```
	https://hyapi.tech/api/
```

Other paths will return invalid!

## 💡 List of Features

This API has several features that make it better than the Hypixel API 👇

### ⚡ **Faster**

HyAPI is faster than the Hypixel API because we cache data and return a smaller amount of data. This allows for responses up to 20 times faster!

### 📗 **Easier**

HyAPI is easier to use than the Hypixel API because we process the data for you. \
Examples of this are things like:

<ul>
	<li> Player Rank
	<li> Network Level
	<li> No <b>success</b> in the response allows you to use the response data without formatting
	<li> 
	<details>
	<summary>Ratios</summary>
		<ul>
			<li> Win Lose Ratio
			<li> Final Kill Death Ratio
			<li> Kill Death Ratio
		</ul>
	</details>
	<li> 
	<details>
	<summary>Averages</summary>
		<ul>
			<li> Average Kills per Game
			<li> Average Deaths per Game
			<li> Average XP per Game
		</ul>
	</details>
	<li> 
	<details>
	<summary>Formatting</summary>
		The API automatically removes formatting from things like <b>Pet Name Colour</b> and stores it in an extra variable for ease of access.
	</details>
</ul>

### 🗑 **No Unnecessary Things**

The Hypixel API gives a lot of unnecessary data that the average request doesn't need. It just clutters response data.

<ul>
	<li> Removed all the levelingRewards
	<li> Removed the 20 different ways of killing and dying
	<li> Removed overdetailed Quests data
</ul>

### 🛒 **Specific Requests**

The HyAPI returns just the data you want by using different paths for specific requests. \
This allows requests to be made more specific and to deliver data faster!

## 🌐 API Reference

The base URL for all requests is:

```http
  https://hyapi.tech/
```

<details>
<summary>All current paths</summary>

```http
  /key
  /player
  /paths
```

</details>

### 🔒 Authentication

The API requires authentication in the form of a `key` in the request URL. \
To check out the API without authentication, use key `beta`

```http
  &key=<key>
```

### 📖 Examples

```http
  GET /player
```

Requires either **uuid** or **name**
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| :-------- | :------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `uuid` | `string` | The uudi of the requested player |
| `name` | `string` | The username of the requested player |

Using `name` **won't** prevent you from making further requests, unlike the Hypixel API.

### 🎛 Options

`Player` allows for multiple options. These are disabled by default because it can double or tripple the response time.
This is because it requires more requests from the Hypixel API.

```http
  &options=<options>
```

| Option    | Description                             |
| :-------- | :-------------------------------------- |
| `guild`   | Adds the `guild` object to the response |
| `friends` | Adds the `friend` count to the response |

<details>
<summary>Guild Object</summary>

```json
"guild": {
        "name": "Bedwars",
        "exp": 69637363,
        "level": 30,
        "description": "Bedwars Go Brrrrr",
        "tag": {
            "text": "BEDWAR",
            "colour": "DARK_GREEN",
            "hex": "#00AA00"
        },
        "member": {
            "rank": "Guild Master",
            "tag": "GM",
            "quests": 1665,
            "joinedAt": 1593624025152,
            "expHistory": {
                "2021-07-06": 0,
                "2021-07-05": 24309,
                "2021-07-04": 7021,
                "2021-07-03": 44410,
                "2021-07-02": 39752,
                "2021-07-01": 0,
                "2021-06-30": 8162
            }
        }
    },
```

</details>

## ❓ FAQ

#### Why isn't `path.color` working?

I used British English throughout the entire API. \
This means words as `color` will be `colour` and `soccer` will be `football`.

<details>
<summary>Dictionary</summary>

| American | British    |
| :------- | :--------- |
| `color`  | `colour`   |
| `soccer` | `football` |

</details>

## ℹ Project Information

**Server:** NodeJS with ExpressJS \
 **Host:** DigitalOcean

## 💻 Developer

-   [@MauritsWilke](https://www.github.com/MauritsWilke)

Commit message:

Added some info to reformatting guide

readme.MD, after:

# HyAPI

HyAPI is a better version of the Hypixel API. \
This API was made for getting data from the Hypixel API easier and faster.

## 👉 Wanna help?

Hi! Reformatting is a lot of work so I decided to allow others to help me.
If you hate having free time or just wanna help, head over to the [Formatting Guide](https://github.com/MauritsWilke/HyAPI/blob/master/meta/Formatting-Guide.md) to help me out!

## 💡 List of Features

This API has several features that make it better than the Hypixel API 👇

### ⚡ **Faster**

HyAPI is faster than the Hypixel API because we cache data and return a smaller amount of data. This allows for responses up to 20 times faster!

### 📗 **Easier**

HyAPI is easier to use than the Hypixel API because we process the data for you. \
Examples of this are things like:

<ul>
	<li> Player Rank
	<li> Network Level
	<li> No <b>success</b> in the response allows you to use the response data without formatting
	<li> 
	<details>
	<summary>Ratios</summary>
		<ul>
			<li> Win Lose Ratio
			<li> Final Kill Death Ratio
			<li> Kill Death Ratio
		</ul>
	</details>
	<li> 
	<details>
	<summary>Averages</summary>
		<ul>
			<li> Average Kills per Game
			<li> Average Deaths per Game
			<li> Average XP per Game
		</ul>
	</details>
	<li> 
	<details>
	<summary>Formatting</summary>
		The API automatically removes formatting from things like <b>Pet Name Colour</b> and stores it in an extra variable for ease of access.
	</details>
</ul>

### 🗑 **No Unnecessary Things**

The Hypixel API gives a lot of unnecessary data that the average request doesn't need. It just clutters response data.

<ul>
	<li> Removed all the levelingRewards
	<li> Removed the 20 different ways of killing and dying
	<li> Removed overdetailed Quests data
</ul>

### 🛒 **Specific Requests**

The HyAPI returns just the data you want by using different paths for specific requests. \
This allows requests to be made more specific and to deliver data faster!

## 🌐 API Reference

The base URL for all requests is:

```http
  https://hyapi.tech/api
```

<details>
<summary>All current paths</summary>

```http
  /key
  /player
  /paths
```

</details>

### 🔒 Authentication

The API requires authentication in the form of a `key` in the request URL. \
To check out the API without authentication, use key `beta`

```http
  &key=<key>
```

### 📖 Examples

```http
  GET /player
```

Requires either **uuid** or **name**
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| :-------- | :------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `uuid` | `string` | The uudi of the requested player |
| `name` | `string` | The username of the requested player |

Using `name` **won't** prevent you from making further requests, unlike the Hypixel API.

### 🎛 Options

`Player` allows for multiple options. These are disabled by default because it can double or tripple the response time.
This is because it requires more requests from the Hypixel API.

```http
  &options=<options>
```

| Option    | Description                             |
| :-------- | :-------------------------------------- |
| `guild`   | Adds the `guild` object to the response |
| `friends` | Adds the `friend` count to the response |

<details>
<summary>Guild Object</summary>

```json
"guild": {
        "name": "Bedwars",
        "exp": 69637363,
        "level": 30,
        "description": "Bedwars Go Brrrrr",
        "tag": {
            "text": "BEDWAR",
            "colour": "DARK_GREEN",
            "hex": "#00AA00"
        },
        "member": {
            "rank": "Guild Master",
            "tag": "GM",
            "quests": 1665,
            "joinedAt": 1593624025152,
            "expHistory": {
                "2021-07-06": 0,
                "2021-07-05": 24309,
                "2021-07-04": 7021,
                "2021-07-03": 44410,
                "2021-07-02": 39752,
                "2021-07-01": 0,
                "2021-06-30": 8162
            }
        }
    },
```

</details>

## ❓ FAQ

#### Why isn't `path.color` working?

I used British English throughout the entire API. \
This means words as `color` will be `colour` and `soccer` will be `football`.

<details>
<summary>Dictionary</summary>

| American | British    |
| :------- | :--------- |
| `color`  | `colour`   |
| `soccer` | `football` |

</details>

## ℹ Project Information

**Server:** NodeJS with ExpressJS \
 **Host:** DigitalOcean

## 💻 Developer

-   [@MauritsWilke](https://www.github.com/MauritsWilke)
